[chore] Add triaging processes and definitions to CONTRIBUTING.md (#18036)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: CONTRIBUTING.md

- `replace` statements in `go.mod` files can be automatically inserted by running `make crosslink`. For more information
  on the `crosslink` tool see the README [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-build-tools/tree/main/crosslink).

## Issue Triaging

To help provide a consistent process for seeing issues through to completion, this section details some guidelines and
definitions to keep in mind when triaging issues.

### Roles

Determinining the root cause of issues is a shared responsibility between those with triager permissions, code owners,
OpenTelemetry community members, and anyone else who would like to contribute.

#### Triagers

> One way those with triager permissions in the Collector contrib can help move issues along is through adding missing component labels,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors with [triager](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/#contributing) permissions can help move issues along is through adding missing component labels,
```

> which helps organize issues and triggers automations to ping code owners. They can also use their familiarity with the Collector and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which helps organize issues and triggers automations to notify code owners. They can also use their familiarity with the Collector and
```

its processes to investigate issues themselves or point issue openers to another resource or someone else who may know more.

#### Code Owners

In many cases, the code owners for an issue are the best resource to help determine the root cause of a bug or whether an enhancement

> is fit to be added to a component. Code owners can be pinged if a by adding a component label to an issue, or will be pinged by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is fit to be added to a component. Code owners can be pinged by adding a component label to an issue, or will be pinged by
```

> is fit to be added to a component. Code owners can be pinged by adding a component label to an issue, or will be pinged by
> repository automations when an issue is opened or becomes stale. Code owners may not have triager permissions on the repository,
> so they can help triage through investigation and by participating in discussions. They can also help organize issues by
> [adding labels via comments](#adding-labels-via-comments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is fit to be added to a component. Code owners can be pinged by adding a component label to an issue, or will be pinged by
repository automations when an issue is opened or becomes stale. Code owners may not have triager permissions on the repository,
so they can help triage through investigation and by participating in discussions. They can also help organize issues by
[adding labels via comments](#adding-labels-via-comments).
```
```suggestion
is fit to be added to a component. Code owners will be notified by repository automation when:
* a component label is added to an issue
* an issue is opened
* the issue becomes stale

Code owners may not have triager permissions on the repository,
so they can help triage through investigation and by participating in discussions. They can also help organize issues by
[adding labels via comments](#adding-labels-via-comments).
```

working on a particular task. A person who is assigned to the issue may be assigned to help triage the issue and implement it, or can be assigned after the issue has already been
triaged and is ready for work. If someone who is assigned to an issue is no longer able to work on it, they may request to be unassigned from the issue.

### Label Definitions

| Label                | When to apply                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `bug`                | Something that is advertised or intended to work isn't working as expected.                                                                                                                             |

> | `enhancement`        | Something that isn't an advertised feature that would be useful to users or maintainers.                                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: I think mentioning flaky test would help here too
```suggestion
| `enhancement`        | Something that isn't an advertised feature that would be useful to users or maintainers.                                                                                                                |
| `flaky test`        | A test unexpectedly failed during CI, showing that there is a problem with the code base that code owners may want to investigate.  |
```

| `good first issue`   | Implementing this issue would not require specialized or in-depth knowledge about the component and is ideal for a new or first-time contributor to take.                                               |
| `help wanted`        | The code owners for this component do not expect to have time to work on it soon, and would welcome help from contributors.                                                                             |
| `needs discussion`   | This issue needs more input from the maintainers or community before work can be started.                                                                                                               |

> | `needs triage`       | An issue should be considered triaged when it has been validated to be a genuine bug or enhancement that the maintainers or code owners expect will be worked on.                                       |

Reviewer 2: This is where I'm fuzzy, how do we validate? Do we need an ack from someone or can we go by our own judgement?

Author: That's a good point. It's really by the judgement of the triager or code owner. Obviously changes can always arise that will change the status, but in general I think it should be used as a flag that the issue is ready for work. I'll try to update this description to offer more guidelines. It may also make sense to give this its own section.

- `replace` statements in `go.mod` files can be automatically inserted by running `make crosslink`. For more information
  on the `crosslink` tool see the README [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-build-tools/tree/main/crosslink).

## Issue Triaging

To help provide a consistent process for seeing issues through to completion, this section details some guidelines and
definitions to keep in mind when triaging issues.

### Roles

> Determinining the root cause of issues is a shared responsibility between those with triager permissions, code owners,

Reviewer 3: And the issue's reporter. They might be implicit in the "OpenTelemetry community members" part, but it's good to be explicit.

Author: That's a good catch, I agree. Added.

> Determinining the root cause of issues is a shared responsibility between those with triager permissions, code owners,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Determining the root cause of issues is a shared responsibility between those with triager permissions, code owners,
```

OpenTelemetry community members, and anyone else who would like to contribute.

#### Triagers

> Contributors with [triager](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/#contributing) permissions can help move issues along is through adding missing component labels,

Reviewer 5: Wording is a little jumbled here

Author: Looks like I left a few things over from a previous re-wording, thanks.

> Contributors with [triager](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/#contributing) permissions can help move issues along is through adding missing component labels,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Contributors with [triager](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/#contributing) permissions can help move issues along is through adding missing component labels,
```

I'm not a native speaker, but this sounds a bit weird to me.

Author: Yeah, that doesn't read well. I've corrected it, thanks.

- Determining whether the issue is related to the code or documentation, or whether the issue can be resolved without any changes.
- Ensuring that a bug can be reproduced, and if possible, the behavior can be traced back to the offending code or documentation.
- Determining whether a feature request belongs in a component, should be accomplished through other means, or isn't appropriate for a component at this time.
- Guiding any interested parties to another person or resource that may be more knowledgeable about an issue.
- Suggesting an issue for discussion at a SIG meeting if a synchronous discussion would be more productive.

#### Issue assignment

Issues are assigned for someone to work on by a triager when someone volunteers to work on an issue. Assignment is intended to prevent duplicate work by making it visible who is
working on a particular task. A person who is assigned to the issue may be assigned to help triage the issue and implement it, or can be assigned after the issue has already been
triaged and is ready for work. If someone who is assigned to an issue is no longer able to work on it, they may request to be unassigned from the issue.

> ### Label Definitions

Reviewer 6: (not necessarily on this PR) a couple other labels we may want to define:
-  `release:blocker`
- `Vendor Specific Component`

Author: These are both good to have, I've added them. Let me know if you'd like any changes to be made to the explanations.

| `needs triage`       | This label is added automatically, and can be removed when a triager or code owner deems that an issue is either ready for work or should not need any work.                                            |
| `waiting for author` | Can be applied when input is required from the author before the issue can move any further.                                                                                                            |
| `priority:p0`        | A critical security vulnerability or Collector panic using a default or common configuration unrelated to a specific component.                                                                         |
| `priority:p1`        | An urgent issue that should be worked on quickly, before most other issues.                                                                                                                             |
| `priority:p2`        | A standard bug or enhancement.                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `priority:p3`        | A technical improvement, insignificant bug, or other minor issue. Generally something that is considered a "nice to have."                                                                              |

Reviewer 3: a bug is rarely insignificant, especially to the person who spent the time reporting it. How about changing this to "low-priority bug"?

Author: Agreed. I wanted to indicate that the bug probably had a workaround (otherwise it would be a p2), but I'm not sure we should be that prescriptive. Amended.

> | `priority:p3`        | A technical improvement, insignificant bug, or other minor issue. Generally something that is considered a "nice to have."                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `priority:p3`        | A technical improvement, insignificant bug, or other minor issue. Generally something that is considered a "nice to have."                                                                              |
```
```suggestion
| `priority:p3`        | A technical improvement, lower priority bug, or other minor issue. Generally something that is considered a "nice to have."                                                                              |
```
